c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\RockPaperScissors.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\RockPaperScissors.pdb
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\obj\Debug\RockPaperScissors.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\obj\Debug\RockPaperScissors.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\obj\Debug\RockPaperScissors.pdb
C:\Users\Usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\RockPaperScissors.dll
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\RockPaperScissors.pdb
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\WebGrease.dll
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\obj\Debug\RockPaperScissors.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\obj\Debug\RockPaperScissors.dll
G:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\obj\Debug\RockPaperScissors.pdb
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\RockPaperScissors.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\RockPaperScissors.pdb
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Common.Logging.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\GithubNugetDistributor.exe
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Octokit.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Spring.Rest.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Spring.Social.Core.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Spring.Rest.pdb
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Spring.Rest.xml
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Spring.Social.Core.pdb
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\Spring.Social.Core.xml
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\obj\Debug\RockPaperScissors.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\obj\Debug\RockPaperScissors.dll
E:\RockPaperScissors\RockPaperScissors\obj\Debug\RockPaperScissors.pdb
